# INT. RITZ TOWER HOTEL. BAR/LOUNGE. NIGHT.
**Scene ID:** S003
**Order:** 3

## SHOTS
- **S003-SHOT-001** [? / ?]: JACK makes his way through the lounge on his way to a telephone booth.
- **S003-SHOT-002** [? / ?]: He takes another look at the TWO WOMEN tucked away in the corner, deep in conversation, and thinks he recognizes one of them.
- **S003-SHOT-003** [? / ?]: He begins approaching them.
- **S003-SHOT-004** [? / ?]: JACK: Therese? Is that you?
- **S003-SHOT-005** [? / ?]: THERESE, the younger of the women, turns to look at JACK.
- **S003-SHOT-006** [? / ?]: JACK: What do you know!
- **S003-SHOT-007** [? / ?]: (he starts over)
- **S003-SHOT-008** [? / ?]: JACK: I’m saying to myself, I know that girl.
- **S003-SHOT-009** [? / ?]: It seems to take her a split second to react, to stand and greet JACK with a short hug.
- **S003-SHOT-010** [? / ?]: THERESE: Jack.
- **S003-SHOT-011** [? / ?]: JACK: Gee it’s great to see you, Therese. It’s been, well, months.
- **S003-SHOT-012** [? / ?]: THERESE: Months.
- **S003-SHOT-013** [? / ?]: The OTHER WOMAN at the table lights a cigarette.
- **S003-SHOT-014** [? / ?]: THERESE glances at her, and they hold a brief, tense look before THERESE remembers her manners.
- **S003-SHOT-015** [? / ?]: THERESE: Jack, this is Carol Aird.
- **S003-SHOT-016** [? / ?]: JACK holds out his hand.
- **S003-SHOT-017** [? / ?]: CAROL shakes it.
- **S003-SHOT-018** [? / ?]: JACK: Pleased to meet you.
- **S003-SHOT-019** [? / ?]: CAROL: Likewise.
- **S003-SHOT-020** [? / ?]: CAROL retreats back to her own thoughts, smokes.
- **S003-SHOT-021** [? / ?]: JACK: Hey, Ted Gray’s meeting me here and a bunch of us are heading down to Phil’s party. You’re going aren’t you?
- **S003-SHOT-022** [? / ?]: THERESE: Well - yes. I just planned to get there a little...(looking to Carol)
- **S003-SHOT-023** [? / ?]: CAROL: You should go ahead.
- **S003-SHOT-024** [? / ?]: JACK: You coming along?
- **S003-SHOT-025** [? / ?]: CAROL: No, no. (to THERESE) I should make a few calls before dinner, anyway. I should really run.
- **S003-SHOT-026** [? / ?]: THERESE: You sure?
- **S003-SHOT-027** [? / ?]: CAROL: Of course.
- **S003-SHOT-028** [? / ?]: (to JACK)
- **S003-SHOT-029** [? / ?]: THERESE: Well... it would be great to catch a ride.
- **S003-SHOT-030** [? / ?]: CAROL takes a step towards THERESE, but no more.
- **S003-SHOT-031** [? / ?]: CAROL: You two have a wonderful night. Nice meeting you, Jack.
- **S003-SHOT-032** [? / ?]: JACK: Nice meeting you.
- **S003-SHOT-033** [? / ?]: And she’s gone.
- **S003-SHOT-034** [? / ?]: THERESE doesn’t move, doesn’t turn around to watch CAROL leave.
- **S003-SHOT-035** [? / ?]: JACK: Alright, well let me go make sure the loaf is on his way. Back in a flash.
- **S003-SHOT-036** [? / ?]: JACK takes off.
- **S003-SHOT-037** [? / ?]: A beat before THERESE turns and scans the bar and beyond for CAROL.
- **S003-SHOT-038** [? / ?]: But she’s gone.

## ORIGINAL SCRIPT TEXT - DO NOT MODIFY
# INT. RITZ TOWER HOTEL. BAR/LOUNGE. NIGHT.

JACK makes his way through the lounge on his way to a

telephone booth. He takes another look at the TWO WOMEN

tucked away in the corner, deep in conversation, and thinks

he recognizes one of them. He begins approaching them.

### JACK

> Therese? Is that you?

THERESE, the younger of the women, turns to look at JACK.

### JACK

> What do you know!

(he starts over)

> I’m saying to myself, I know that

> girl.

It seems to take her a split second to react, to stand and

greet JACK with a short hug.

### THERESE

> Jack.

### JACK

> Gee it’s great to see you, Therese.

> It’s been, well, months.

### THERESE

> Months.

The OTHER WOMAN at the table lights a cigarette. THERESE

glances at her, and they hold a brief, tense look before

THERESE remembers her manners.

### THERESE

> Jack, this is Carol Aird.

JACK holds out his hand. CAROL shakes it.

### JACK

> Pleased to meet you.

### CAROL

> Likewise.

CAROL retreats back to her own thoughts, smokes.

### JACK

> Hey, Ted Gray’s meeting me here and

> a bunch of us are heading down to

> Phil’s party. You’re going aren’t

> you?

### THERESE

> Well - yes. I just planned to get

> there a little...(looking to Carol)

### CAROL

> You should go ahead.

### JACK

> You coming along?

### CAROL

> No, no. (to THERESE) I should make

> a few calls before dinner, anyway.

> I should really run.

### THERESE

> You sure?

### CAROL

> Of course.

### THERESE

(to JACK)

> Well... it would be great to catch

> a ride.

CAROL takes a step towards THERESE, but no more.

### CAROL

> You two have a wonderful night.

> Nice meeting you, Jack.

### JACK

> Nice meeting you.

And she’s gone. THERESE doesn’t move, doesn’t turn around to

watch CAROL leave.

### JACK

> Alright, well let me go make sure

> the loaf is on his way. Back in a

> flash.

JACK takes off. A beat before THERESE turns and scans the bar

and beyond for CAROL. But she’s gone.

