# INT. FRANKENBERG'S. TOY DEPARTMENT. MORNING.
**Scene ID:** S011
**Order:** 11

## SHOTS
- **S011-SHOT-001** [? / ?]: Just before opening: a surreal calm and silence.
- **S011-SHOT-002** [? / ?]: THERESE, in Santa cap, and makeshift bandage, stands beside an elaborate model train set.
- **S011-SHOT-003** [? / ?]: She flips a switch and the train set comes to life - the tiny lights, the tinny whir of the engine as the train chugs its way along the track.
- **S011-SHOT-004** [? / ?]: A LOUD BUZZER sounds.
- **S011-SHOT-005** [? / ?]: Behind THERESE, we can see the analogue lift indicator start to move: 5th floor, 4th floor, 3rd floor...
- **S011-SHOT-006** [? / ?]: as the lift descends to accept its first load of daily customers and a voice bellows from the intercom:
- **S011-SHOT-007** [? / ?]: STORE ANNOUNCER: Good morning, Happy Holidays and welcome, shoppers, to Frankenberg’s. Be sure to take advantage of our Congratulations Ike and Mamie Inaugural Early Bird special in our Beds and Bedding Department on the second floor.
- **S011-SHOT-008** [? / ?]: STORE ANNOUNCER: And on your way there, you won’t want to miss our brand new General Electric television and stereophonic display on the first floor, just past the haberdashery.
- **S011-SHOT-009** [? / ?]: Behind THERESE, the lift doors open and all at once THERESE is swallowed up by the rush of MANAGERS, STAFF and CUSTOMERS.

## ORIGINAL SCRIPT TEXT - DO NOT MODIFY
# INT. FRANKENBERG'S. TOY DEPARTMENT. MORNING.

Just before opening: a surreal calm and silence. THERESE, in

Santa cap, and makeshift bandage, stands beside an elaborate

model train set. She flips a switch and the train set comes

to life - the tiny lights, the tinny whir of the engine as

the train chugs its way along the track. A LOUD BUZZER

sounds. Behind THERESE, we can see the analogue lift

indicator start to move: 5th floor, 4th floor, 3rd floor...

as the lift descends to accept its first load of daily

customers and a voice bellows from the intercom:

### STORE ANNOUNCER

> Good morning, Happy Holidays and

> welcome, shoppers, to

> Frankenberg’s. Be sure to take

> advantage of our Congratulations

> Ike and Mamie Inaugural Early Bird

> special in our Beds and Bedding

> Department on the second floor.

### (MORE)

### STORE ANNOUNCER

> And on your way there, you won’t

> want to miss our brand new General

> Electric television and

> stereophonic display on the first

> floor, just past the haberdashery.

Behind THERESE, the lift doors open and all at once THERESE

is swallowed up by the rush of MANAGERS, STAFF and CUSTOMERS.

