# INT. GREENWICH VILLAGE BAR. NIGHT.
**Scene ID:** S016
**Order:** 16

## SHOTS
- **S016-SHOT-001** [? / ?]: RICHARD and PHIL have been drinking quite a bit.
- **S016-SHOT-002** [? / ?]: A row of empty beer bottles is lined up on the table in front of them.
- **S016-SHOT-003** [? / ?]: DANNIE sips at a glass of Coca-Cola.
- **S016-SHOT-004** [? / ?]: THERESE nurses a glass of wine.
- **S016-SHOT-005** [? / ?]: DANNIE: I’m strictly a beer man. Everything else makes me want to vomit.
- **S016-SHOT-006** [? / ?]: THERESE: Wine makes me feel naughty. In a good way.
- **S016-SHOT-007** [? / ?]: PHIL: Is there any other way to feel naughty?
- **S016-SHOT-008** [? / ?]: RICHARD: I drink to forget I gotta get up for work in the morning.
- **S016-SHOT-009** [? / ?]: PHIL: That’s your problem, Semco. You really ought to drink because you remember you have a job. Employment’s a curse.
- **S016-SHOT-010** [? / ?]: THERESE: You have a job, Phil.
- **S016-SHOT-011** [? / ?]: PHIL: You call that a job? I call it an illusion.
- **S016-SHOT-012** [? / ?]: DANNIE: You get paid. Is money an illusion?
- **S016-SHOT-013** [? / ?]: PHIL: My kid brother, the jerk philosopher.
- **S016-SHOT-014** [? / ?]: (to Dannie)
- **S016-SHOT-015** [? / ?]: THERESE: Where do you work?
- **S016-SHOT-016** [? / ?]: (mock respect)
- **S016-SHOT-017** [? / ?]: RICHARD: Didn’t you know - Dannie works at the New York Times.
- **S016-SHOT-018** [? / ?]: RICHARD and PHIL feign awe.
- **S016-SHOT-019** [? / ?]: (she’s impressed)
- **S016-SHOT-020** [? / ?]: THERESE: No kidding.
- **S016-SHOT-021** [? / ?]: PHIL: Yeah, ‘cept printers don’t win Pulitzer Prizes.
- **S016-SHOT-022** [? / ?]: (he shrugs)
- **S016-SHOT-023** [? / ?]: DANNIE: It’s a job. (to THERESE) What I want to do is write. That’s why I watch movies.
- **S016-SHOT-024** [? / ?]: (rolling his eyes)
- **S016-SHOT-025** [? / ?]: PHIL: Everybody’s a writer....
- **S016-SHOT-026** [? / ?]: DANNIE tries to blend into the woodwork.
- **S016-SHOT-027** [? / ?]: He catches THERESE’S eye.
- **S016-SHOT-028** [? / ?]: She smiles at him.
- **S016-SHOT-029** [? / ?]: He appreciates it.
- **S016-SHOT-030** [? / ?]: PHIL: Say, Therese - before I get too drunk to remember....
- **S016-SHOT-031** [? / ?]: PHIL digs into a large messenger bag, pulls out a camera, an old Kodak, and hands it to THERESE.
- **S016-SHOT-032** [? / ?]: THERESE: You did it? It’s fixed?
- **S016-SHOT-033** [? / ?]: PHIL: He said it was a cinch. No sweat.
- **S016-SHOT-034** [? / ?]: THERESE: Thank you, Phil! I was missing it!
- **S016-SHOT-035** [? / ?]: DANNIE: So, you take pictures?
- **S016-SHOT-036** [? / ?]: THERESE: Well.
- **S016-SHOT-037** [? / ?]: RICHARD: She’s more excited by some chintzy camera than she is about sailing with me to Europe!
- **S016-SHOT-038** [? / ?]: PHIL: Women!
- **S016-SHOT-039** [? / ?]: RICHARD: You said it, pal!
- **S016-SHOT-040** [? / ?]: RICHARD and PHIL laugh, toast, drink.
- **S016-SHOT-041** [? / ?]: THERESE isn’t amused.
- **S016-SHOT-042** [? / ?]: DANNIE clocks this.

## ORIGINAL SCRIPT TEXT - DO NOT MODIFY
# INT. GREENWICH VILLAGE BAR. NIGHT.

RICHARD and PHIL have been drinking quite a bit. A row of

empty beer bottles is lined up on the table in front of them.

DANNIE sips at a glass of Coca-Cola. THERESE nurses a glass

of wine.

### DANNIE

> I’m strictly a beer man. Everything

> else makes me want to vomit.

### THERESE

> Wine makes me feel naughty. In a

> good way.

### PHIL

> Is there any other way to feel

> naughty?

### RICHARD

> I drink to forget I gotta get up

> for work in the morning.

### PHIL

> That’s your problem, Semco. You

> really ought to drink because you

> remember you have a job.

> Employment’s a curse.

### THERESE

> You have a job, Phil.

### PHIL

> You call that a job? I call it an

> illusion.

### DANNIE

> You get paid. Is money an illusion?

### PHIL

> My kid brother, the jerk

> philosopher.

### THERESE

(to Dannie)

> Where do you work?

### RICHARD

(mock respect)

> Didn’t you know - Dannie works at

> the New York Times.

RICHARD and PHIL feign awe.

### THERESE

(she’s impressed)

> No kidding.

### PHIL

> Yeah, ‘cept printers don’t win

> Pulitzer Prizes.

### DANNIE

(he shrugs)

> It’s a job. (to THERESE) What I

> want to do is write. That’s why I

> watch movies.

### PHIL

(rolling his eyes)

> Everybody’s a writer....

DANNIE tries to blend into the woodwork. He catches THERESE’S

eye. She smiles at him. He appreciates it.

### PHIL

> Say, Therese - before I get too

> drunk to remember....

PHIL digs into a large messenger bag, pulls out a camera, an

old Kodak, and hands it to THERESE.

### THERESE

> You did it? It’s fixed?

### PHIL

> He said it was a cinch. No sweat.

### THERESE

> Thank you, Phil! I was missing it!

### DANNIE

> So, you take pictures?

### THERESE

> Well.

### RICHARD

> She’s more excited by some chintzy

> camera than she is about sailing

> with me to Europe!

### PHIL

> Women!

### RICHARD

> You said it, pal!

RICHARD and PHIL laugh, toast, drink. THERESE isn’t amused.

DANNIE clocks this.

