# EXT. THIRD AVENUE. NIGHT.
**Scene ID:** S017
**Order:** 17

## SHOTS
- **S017-SHOT-001** [? / ?]: THERESE walks with DANNIE.
- **S017-SHOT-002** [? / ?]: RICHARD and PHIL, now very drunk and rowdy, walk slightly ahead of them, with RICHARD guiding his bicycle unsteadily along the pavement.
- **S017-SHOT-003** [? / ?]: PHIL: What you oughta do is hit Spain... whatsitcalled - Pamplona. Catch a bullfight!
- **S017-SHOT-004** [? / ?]: Up ahead a couple is approaching who everyone knows: JACK TAFT and his girlfriend, DOROTHY.
- **S017-SHOT-005** [? / ?]: The men all speak to each other as DOROTHY speaks to THERESE.
- **S017-SHOT-006** [? / ?]: Up ahead a couple is approaching who everyone knows: JACK PHIL (CONT'D)
- **S017-SHOT-007** [? / ?]: Holy smoke, look who’s I don’t believe it!
- **S017-SHOT-008** [? / ?]: Does the coming.
- **S017-SHOT-009** [? / ?]: Watch out, baby, it’s House Un-American Activities a pack of commies!
- **S017-SHOT-010** [? / ?]: know you’re back on the
- **S017-SHOT-011** [? / ?]: Up ahead a couple is approaching who everyone knows: streets? DOROTHY THERESE
- **S017-SHOT-012** [? / ?]: Terry, honey, it’s been ages.
- **S017-SHOT-013** [? / ?]: Hey Dottie.
- **S017-SHOT-014** [? / ?]: Hasn’t it?
- **S017-SHOT-015** [? / ?]: I Call me, would you?
- **S017-SHOT-016** [? / ?]: will, I promise!
- **S017-SHOT-017** [? / ?]: RICHARD turns around as they pass, walking unsteadily backwards with his bicycle.
- **S017-SHOT-018** [? / ?]: RICHARD: That son of a bitch... You still owe me for that poker game!
- **S017-SHOT-019** [? / ?]: THERESE: Richard, watch out, you’re-!
- **S017-SHOT-020** [? / ?]: But she’s too late to save RICHARD from backing into a lamppost.
- **S017-SHOT-021** [? / ?]: He falls down, the bicycle topples down on top of him.
- **S017-SHOT-022** [? / ?]: PHIL attempts to help but tumbles onto RICHARD, and they both dissolve into a fit of drunken laughter.
- **S017-SHOT-023** [? / ?]: (to THERESE)
- **S017-SHOT-024** [? / ?]: DANNIE: Europe. Wow. You’re lucky.
- **S017-SHOT-025** [? / ?]: THERESE: Am I?
- **S017-SHOT-026** [? / ?]: A beat as they watch PHIL and RICHARD make a meal of getting up.
- **S017-SHOT-027** [? / ?]: THERESE: We should help them.
- **S017-SHOT-028** [? / ?]: (after a beat)
- **S017-SHOT-029** [? / ?]: DANNIE: You should come to the Times for dinner some time. I work at night, so... I’ve got a good pal who’s a junior photo editor. He loves to pontificate. I’ll introduce you.
- **S017-SHOT-030** [? / ?]: THERESE: Really? That - I would - I’d like that.
- **S017-SHOT-031** [? / ?]: (pleased)
- **S017-SHOT-032** [? / ?]: DANNIE: Yeah? Okay, then.
- **S017-SHOT-033** [? / ?]: And they’ve forgotten all about RICHARD and PHIL.

## ORIGINAL SCRIPT TEXT - DO NOT MODIFY
# EXT. THIRD AVENUE. NIGHT.

THERESE walks with DANNIE. RICHARD and PHIL, now very drunk

and rowdy, walk slightly ahead of them, with RICHARD guiding

his bicycle unsteadily along the pavement.

### PHIL

> What you oughta do is hit Spain...

> whatsitcalled - Pamplona. Catch a

> bullfight!

Up ahead a couple is approaching who everyone knows: JACK

TAFT and his girlfriend, DOROTHY. The men all speak to each

other as DOROTHY speaks to THERESE.

> JACK PHIL (CONT'D)

Holy smoke, look who’s I don’t believe it! Does the

coming. Watch out, baby, it’s House Un-American Activities

a pack of commies! know you’re back on the

> streets?

> DOROTHY THERESE

Terry, honey, it’s been ages. Hey Dottie. Hasn’t it? I

Call me, would you? will, I promise!

RICHARD turns around as they pass, walking unsteadily

backwards with his bicycle.

### RICHARD

> That son of a bitch... You still

> owe me for that poker game!

### THERESE

> Richard, watch out, you’re-!

But she’s too late to save RICHARD from backing into a

lamppost. He falls down, the bicycle topples down on top of

him. PHIL attempts to help but tumbles onto RICHARD, and they

both dissolve into a fit of drunken laughter.

### DANNIE

(to THERESE)

> Europe. Wow. You’re lucky.

### THERESE

> Am I?

A beat as they watch PHIL and RICHARD make a meal of getting

up.

### THERESE

> We should help them.

### DANNIE

(after a beat)

> You should come to the Times for

> dinner some time. I work at night,

> so... I’ve got a good pal who’s a

> junior photo editor. He loves to

> pontificate. I’ll introduce you.

### THERESE

> Really? That - I would - I’d like

> that.

### DANNIE

(pleased)

> Yeah? Okay, then.

And they’ve forgotten all about RICHARD and PHIL.

