# EXT. CY HARRISON’S HOUSE. LATER.
**Scene ID:** S041
**Order:** 41

## SHOTS
- **S041-SHOT-001** [? / ?]: CAROL and JEANETTE in the gardens.
- **S041-SHOT-002** [? / ?]: The party can be seen going on through a row of French doors.
- **S041-SHOT-003** [? / ?]: They smoke cigarettes.
- **S041-SHOT-004** [? / ?]: CAROL takes off her shoes, rubs her feet. (takes a long deep drag on her cigarette) Keep an eye out, will you? Cy’ll scream if he catches me with this.
- **S041-SHOT-005** [? / ?]: (laughs)
- **S041-SHOT-006** [? / ?]: CAROL: What’ll he do? Dock your allowance?
- **S041-SHOT-007** [? / ?]: (very matter of fact)
- **S041-SHOT-008** [? / ?]: JEANETTE: He doesn’t like me to smoke.
- **S041-SHOT-009** [? / ?]: CAROL: So? You like it.
- **S041-SHOT-010** [? / ?]: But they both know that it’s simply the way it is: wives defer to their husband’s wishes.
- **S041-SHOT-011** [? / ?]: JEANETTE: Carol, I - it’s really not my business, but if you’re going to be alone on Christmas, Cy and I would love to have you. (she’s really touched by the offer) Thank you, Jeanette.
- **S041-SHOT-012** [? / ?]: CAROL takes another look inside the party: couples dancing through the tented plastic.
- **S041-SHOT-013** [? / ?]: (watching the dancing)
- **S041-SHOT-014** [? / ?]: CAROL: I don’t know. I might get away by myself. At least for a few days.

## ORIGINAL SCRIPT TEXT - DO NOT MODIFY
# EXT. CY HARRISON’S HOUSE. LATER.

CAROL and JEANETTE in the gardens. The party can be seen

going on through a row of French doors. They smoke

cigarettes. CAROL takes off her shoes, rubs her feet.

### JEANETTE

> (takes a long deep drag on

> her cigarette)

> Keep an eye out, will you? Cy’ll

> scream if he catches me with this.

### CAROL

(laughs)

> What’ll he do? Dock your allowance?

### JEANETTE

(very matter of fact)

> He doesn’t like me to smoke.

### CAROL

> So? You like it.

But they both know that it’s simply the way it is: wives

defer to their husband’s wishes.

### JEANETTE

> Carol, I - it’s really not my

> business, but if you’re going to be

> alone on Christmas, Cy and I would

> love to have you.

### CAROL

> (she’s really touched by

> the offer)

> Thank you, Jeanette.

CAROL takes another look inside the party: couples dancing

through the tented plastic.

### CAROL

(watching the dancing)

> I don’t know. I might get away by

> myself. At least for a few days.

