# EXT. CAROL’S HOUSE. NIGHT.
**Scene ID:** S054
**Order:** 54

## SHOTS
- **S054-SHOT-001** [? / ?]: A UNIFORMED CHAUFFEUR sits at the wheel of Harge’s car, alert and silent, as CAROL bundles RINDY into the back seat.
- **S054-SHOT-002** [? / ?]: FLORENCE puts her bags in the trunk as HARGE waits with a cigarette and drink outside the front door.
- **S054-SHOT-003** [? / ?]: CAROL: Remember: in bed by seven. I know how you take advantage of Grandma Jennifer.(beat) Okay, snow flake. Gimme a big one. (she hugs RINDY tightly and kisses her) You’re going to have the most wonderful Christmas, I promise.
- **S054-SHOT-004** [? / ?]: RINDY pulls back from the hug.
- **S054-SHOT-005** [? / ?]: She has an idea.
- **S054-SHOT-006** [? / ?]: RINDY: There’s room for you in the car, Mommy. You can come with us!
- **S054-SHOT-007** [? / ?]: CAROL: Oh, darling, I - wish I could... but sometimes... Mommies and Daddies decide there isn’t enough room for them both in the same place at the same time- (unable to go further) And Mommy has to be here to make sure Santa’s elf doesn’t give your presents to another little girl. You wouldn’t want that, would you?
- **S054-SHOT-008** [? / ?]: RINDY gives her a bright smile and CAROL hugs her, and kisses her eyelids.
- **S054-SHOT-009** [? / ?]: CAROL clocks the CHAUFFEUR watching her through the rear view mirror, and quickly looks away.

## ORIGINAL SCRIPT TEXT - DO NOT MODIFY
# EXT. CAROL’S HOUSE. NIGHT.

A UNIFORMED CHAUFFEUR sits at the wheel of Harge’s car, alert

and silent, as CAROL bundles RINDY into the back seat.

FLORENCE puts her bags in the trunk as HARGE waits with a

cigarette and drink outside the front door.

### CAROL

> Remember: in bed by seven. I know

> how you take advantage of Grandma

> Jennifer.(beat) Okay, snow flake.

> Gimme a big one.

> (she hugs RINDY tightly

> and kisses her)

> You’re going to have the most

> wonderful Christmas, I promise.

RINDY pulls back from the hug. She has an idea.

### RINDY

> There’s room for you in the car,

> Mommy. You can come with us!

### CAROL

> Oh, darling, I - wish I could...

> but sometimes... Mommies and

> Daddies decide there isn’t enough

> room for them both in the same

> place at the same time- (unable to

> go further) And Mommy has to be

> here to make sure Santa’s elf

> doesn’t give your presents to

> another little girl. You wouldn’t

> want that, would you?

RINDY gives her a bright smile and CAROL hugs her, and kisses

her eyelids. CAROL clocks the CHAUFFEUR watching her through

the rear view mirror, and quickly looks away.

